update: update Kotlin version and library versions (#2852)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/releases.md

        <th>Build highlights</th>
        <th>Recommended kotlinx library versions</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>1.6.20</strong>
            <p>Released: <strong>March 30, 2022</strong></p>
            <p><a href="https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/releases/tag/v1.6.20" target="_blank">Release on GitHub</a></p>
        </td>
        <td>
            <p>An incremental release with various improvements such as:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Prototype of context receivers</li>

>                 <li>Support for callable references to function interface constructors</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Callable references to function interface constructors</li>
```

>                 <li>Support for callable references to function interface constructors</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Callable references to functional interface constructors</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin/Native: new memory manager</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Kotlin/Native: concurrent sweep phase in the new memory manager</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin/Native: concurrent sweep phase in the new memory manager</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Kotlin/Native: performance improvements for the new memory manager</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin Multiplatform: hierarchical project structure by default</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Multiplatform: hierarchical project structure by default</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin Multiplatform: hierarchical structure support enabled by default for all new multiplatform projects</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Kotlin Multiplatform: hierarchical project structure by default</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin/JS: incremental compilation for development binaries with IR compiler</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Kotlin/JS: IR compiler improvements</li>
```

>                 <li>Kotlin/JS: Incremental compilation for development binaries with IR compiler</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Kotlin/JS: incremental compilation for development binaries with IR compiler</li>
```

>                 <li>Gradle: new properties for defining Kotlin compiler execution strategy</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Gradle: compiler execution strategies</li>
```

            </ul>
            <p>Learn more in:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="whatsnew1620.md" target="_blank">What's new in Kotlin 1.6.20</a></li>

>                 <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-is-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>
```

>                 <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-is-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-is-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>
```
```suggestion
                <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>
```

>                 <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-is-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>

Reviewer: Guess no,
Doesn't make sense.

>                 <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-is-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>

Author: Now
```
<p>Learn more about <a href="whatsnew1620.md" target="_blank">What's new in Kotlin 1.6.20</a>.</p>
```

>                 <li><a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2022/03/kotlin-1-6-20-released/" target="_blank">Release blog post</a></li>

Author: @koshachy Should we mention the blog post this time? I have doubts because the blog post will differ from our previous blog posts.

            </ul>
        </td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization" target="_blank">kotlinx.serialization</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization/releases/tag/v1.3.2" target="_blank">1.3.2</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines" target="_blank">kotlinx.coroutines</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines/releases/tag/1.6.0" target="_blank">1.6.0</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.atomicfu" target="_blank">kotlinx.atomicfu</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.atomicfu/releases/tag/0.17.1" target="_blank">0.17.1</a></li>          

>                 <li><a href="https://ktor.io/" target="_blank">ktor</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/ktorio/ktor/releases/tag/1.6.8" target="_blank">1.6.8</a></li>

Author: ktor version is under the discussion now.

>                 <li><a href="https://ktor.io/" target="_blank">ktor</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/ktorio/ktor/releases/tag/1.6.8" target="_blank">1.6.8</a></li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li><a href="https://ktor.io/" target="_blank">ktor</a> version: <a href="https://github.com/ktorio/ktor/releases/tag/2.0.0-beta-1" target="_blank">2.0.0-beta-1</a></li>
```
